feat: Revision of OMA MAturity model architecture for 2025 maturity model (#21490)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/new-relic-solutions/observability-maturity/business-uptime/l2-alerts-mean-time-to-close.mdx

---
title: Level 2 - Alerts, mean time to close scorecard rule
tags:
  - Observability maturity
  - Intelligent observability
  - Instrumentation
  - Implementation guide
metaDescription: Observability maturity business uptime alerts mean time to close
redirects:
  - /docs/new-relic-solutions/observability-maturity
  - /docs/full-stack-observability
  - /docs/new-relic-solutions/best-practices-guides/full-stack-observability
freshnessValidatedDate: never
---

# Overview

> The Alerts Mean Time to Close rule has produced a score based on the time taken to close incidents. This document explains the interpretation of your score and offers guidance on actions you can take to optimize your incident management strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Alerts Mean Time to Close rule produces a score based on the time taken to close incidents. This document explains your score and offers guidance on actions you can take to optimize your incident management strategy.
```
